although you may productively engage in
the critique of feminism let me ask you
bluntly do you think that someone should
be disqualified
as the leader of a vegan or animal
rights organization because they're
committed to feminism because they
believe in feminism let's just take
another step and say because they're
willing to make excuses for whatever is
wrong within feminism as an ideologies
do we really believe that feminism has
more of a negative impact on our society
or even very specifically on the
sexuality of women then Mormonism have
you ever heard of someone going to a
feminist daycare center a feminist grade
school a feminist high school followed
by a feminist University
I hear about Mormons doing that all the
time
there are Mormons men and women who grow
up with a profoundly warped view of
sexuality gender roles of course also
politics biology evolution chemistry
history and everything else because of
the power the Mormon faith has over
their lives in an organized
institutional very well-funded framework
Mormonism is very far from being the
most influential religion in the United
States of America let alone the world so
we can ask the same question again what
is more of a problem feminism or the
power of the Catholic Church feminism or
Islam and suddenly all of these
over-the-top complaints these incisive
criticisms from someone like big means
they start to seem like a goddamn joke
alright
I myself am a critic of feminists I
myself am a critic of what I think is
wrong
with the whole left-wing doesn't mean
I'm conservative doesn't mean I'm
right-wing doesn't mean I even have an
alternative to the left-wing but I can
see and analyze and discuss what's wrong
on the left I can see and analyze and
discuss what's wrong in feminism but
what's really important is to calibrate
your critiques calibrate them give a
sense of scale give a sense of magnitude
give a sense of the seriousness of this
compared to the fact that we live in a
society where there are huge well-funded
institutions that really do shape the
minds and lives of young people from the
cradle to the grave like the Catholic
Church like the Mormon faith and so and
so forth and some of them also make
excuses for and support genital
mutilation whether you're talking about
male circumcision or female circumcision
some of them make excuses for and
support slavery like there's no limit so
yes there are some things wrong with
feminism as an ideology and I have
personally known people where I can say
their personal lives not just their
political lives their philosophical eyes
we can say their personal lives and
their sex lives were screwed up by their
commitment to feminism and they later
kind of grew out of it and realized well
a lot of the stuff I've read in books
wasn't really true or was exaggerated
over-the-top yes okay there's a lively
debate to be had about the present and
future of feminism but let's let's keep
it in perspective all right there's a
lot wrong with feminism but this is just
not even in the same league as the kind
of problems we have to talk about in any
mainstream religion or even in
mainstream political ideologies but
let's face it in the year 2020 communism
is a mystery for college against
socialism is do so open and so forth
compared to the politics I see discussed
whatever on CNN on TYT whatever fairly
mainstream political discourse okay now
we got problems we got problems because
vegan gains is an insane and uniquely
poorly qualified commentator on these
issues and what
can i contrast his warped version of
events to only other sources of
information that I also consider insane
and unreliable so I've got a statement
here from direct action everywhere
if you think I'm an uncritical supporter
of direct action everywhere
think again try a Google search look at
some other peoples on this YouTube
channel direct action everywhere rights
we saw in your video there here
referring to the original man who was
accused not vegan gates we saw in your
video that you suggested you were not
actually banned from DXE that's a
crucial part of his defense right so
we're reaching out to clear up any
confusion we realize there may have been
some miscommunication between DX C's or
14 DX e Toronto and you to be clear your
indefinite ban applies to DX EA lcar C
etc we apologize for any failure to
clearly convey that right so a huge part
of the case vegan gains makes now he
presents the public is that there was a
seven month investigation by a third
party and that this guy wasn't banned
that that investigation cleared his name
and DX is here saying no the exact
opposite is true no he was banned and no
this investigation which they described
as being much less serious than that it
wasn't this sort of quasi criminal
investigation they just said look one
one person one mediator asked some
questions and did some interviews and
came to these conclusions but no the
conclusion was that he he was he was
banned they further comments I'm not
reading out this statement in its
entirety no amount of flirty texts
grants anyone a pass to continue
escalating sexual advances after being
pushed away and previous flirtation or
consensual sex is never a substitute for
enthusiastic consent so my point here is
not that DX e is right and vegan gains
is wrong my point is not even that DX EE
is telling the truth which I don't know
I have seen I have shown here on YouTube
many examples of D
sea lion this comes from an anonymous
DXE account like its allegedly just the
the organization speaking with its own
voice but obviously most of the time
we're talking about Wayne's young we're
talking with the leadership of DXE I
have criticized them for being lying
dishonest back at bad actors many many
many times so I can't tell you that dxc
is telling the truth I can't tell you
that they're a reliable source
information what I can tell you is that
vegan gains is a lying insane unruly
unreliable and he's a voice which is not
only lacking the kind of experience
insight and qualifications Dan'l sort of
thing he's also someone who has no
motivation to tell you the truth he has
no motivation to present the facts in a
balanced manner now likewise one source
vegans definitely did have access to was
the report or I might say the account
published the internet by the the SAV
movement so correct me if I'm wrong but
it seems that he intentionally concealed
that or misrepresented that to his
audience I personally do not find the
details shocking or salacious but they
state their reasons why they have banned
this man who was accused from all save
movement functions and it includes that
they think it was inappropriate for him
to be initiating sex in meetings
organizational political meetings they
said even if those advances were
received positively the fact that he was
doing it in this context is
inappropriate and his grounds for a ban
even if they would have been received
well if they met in a nightclub or some
other contacts dramatic coffee shop like
this is fundamentally inappropriate in
the situation that what he was doing
sexually in a curative we provided
residence where apparently five or more
people were all kind of sleeping on the
floor together right so if the exact
sleeping Rangers I don't know but people
were kind of camping out on a shareable
basis we're going to this event that
what he was doing their section was
inappropriate kind of full stop period
and then there were other details where
allegedly he was frustrated because this
woman
who did have consensual sex in them in
the past all sides agree to that the
woman also says that in the past on this
particular occasion she did not consent
to have sex with him
and he apparently loudly and angrily
went into the bathroom to masturbate
and this like masked like her having
here this masturbation was like to kind
of shame or humiliate or voice his
complaint or get revenge on her and
given the description of the sleeping
arrangements the rest complain he must
be that there were like four other
witnesses to this so I'm guessing this
is like a lot of people who are
awkwardly in the room like okay so you
guys were gonna have sex in front of us
and we're gonna pretend to be asleep and
now this guy is messy Shh okay so vegan
gains opens by arguing that it's deeply
unfair to poison the well to assassinate
someone's character to present them in
an unreasonable light and then discredit
their respective cetera
but the conclusion of his own video is
an attempt to seriously discredit the
leadership of several of the
organization's animal rights
organizations by pointing the finger at
saying these people believe in feminism
they're part of an ideology that makes
their character a questionable that
makes their word unreliable that they're
dishonest because their commitments
ideology do you think that they pray to
the God of feminism five times a day
three times a day do it like feminism
maybe an ideology you personally
disagree with you may see a lot wrong
with it
okay okay the level of commitment the
question of how cognitively or morally
reliable you are if you're committed to
feminism to be well those are your
standards then how do you regard people
who are members of the Muslim faith how
do you regard people who pray multiple
times a day how do you regard people who
are committed to making excuses for a
deeply immoral historical figure like
Muhammad the Prophet how do you and like
let's be fair as throwing some other
examples how do you
you know countenance the leadership or
political participation in any level of
someone who's committed to the Mormon
faith and makes excuses for the Prophet
Joseph Smith and all the terrible things
he did in his life right if you're going
to demand Richard or for any of you in
the audience I mean sometimes you may
feel this way okay sometimes we all feel
this way I'm reading the history of the
French Revolution I'm reading about the
rise of the dictatorship in Napoleon and
I say to my girlfriend all the time you
know the fundamental political
breakthrough they made in the French
Revolution was was this hey hey guys I
got this great idea let's kill everyone
who disagrees with our political party
and that became like the guiding notion
in twentieth-century totalitarian
politics all right
untold millions of people in communist
China in communist Russia and so on
around the world the idea that if you
disagree with the party if you disagree
with some checklist of ideological and
political beliefs your life is worthless
your life is forfeit like how narrow are
these demands Richard because if you if
you really regard these feminists in the
way that you do and again Richard I
regard you as someone who is morally and
mentally incompetent to be a leader in
the vegan movement and we all know why
it's not like anyone is even once ever
written in to me like skeptically asking
me to prove my case at all
Jean do you do you really have any
evidence
Richard is a bad leader for the vegan
food hmm gee I don't know it seems like
a really open question that's hard to
resolve about whether or not no Richard
everyone has seen plenty of evidence
that you have presented yourself that
you are to use your favorite terms you
are a bad actor you are an unreliable
dishonest lying piece of [ __ ]
you are someone who ultimately deceives
yourself far more than deceive others
you're addicted to your own notion of
moral superiority very much like a
left-wing SJW stereotype I guess you're
a right-wing SJW don't have any better
way to put it okay um but once you have
this mentality this mentality that tore
the French Revolution apart that took
all the hope and optimism of the
Enlightenment and all of the hope and
optimism for a meaningful form of
democracy Constitution
parliamentary democracy in France and
left them only with the brutal terrible
dictatorship of Napoleon Napoleon
wearing a crown and fur and armor and
dressing up like any other medieval
monarch okay this total utter corruption
of the French Revolution right at its
core was this notion that you can kill
people if they don't agree with your
political ideology right and it wasn't
just the jacobins the jacobins
persecuted everyone who wasn't left-wing
enough and then just a few months later
it was the Jacobins who were being
persecuted for not supporting the
fashion of the day ideologies
ideologically and on and on and on it
went in an unbelievable succession of
dominoes in Russia and China as people
all around the world imitated this this
fundamentally ridiculous idea and you
know what the opposite idea is Richard
the opposite idea is hey you know what
feminists are people too feminists they
may be deeply flawed and imperfect they
may be committed to a deeply imperfect
ideology you know what yeah that
ideology it may conditioned them to
freak out and be really judgmental when
some guy gets frustrated with his
girlfriend and jacks off for the
bathroom it's late you know it's it's a
weird situation and not all of us it was
you know what sure there may be some
human frailties involved here where they
decide to ban someone for life for this
activity whereas maybe someone else
maybe someone with a different ideology
would have I don't know a different
attitude towards it you know what yeah
human beings are imperfect okay but the
opposite attitude is hey you know what
feminists they deserve a seat at this
table too even if their perspective is a
little bit warped or a little bit
extreme or a little bit in community for
me or I just happen to disagree with it
okay they actually deserve a seat at the
table whether it's within the vegan
movement or in Parliament in our
democratic process their voice deserves
to be heard in France back in the year
1789 hey you know what people who are
still traditional Catholics people who
still support the monarch people who
literally believe that the monarch is in
some kind of supernatural communication
with God they deserve a seat at the
table - that's the hardest [ __ ] thing
to do the hardest thing to do is treat
your enemies with decency is to debate
with them and engage with them
rationally -
include them in the decision-making
process the hardest thing for someone
like Richard to do is to set aside his
own bias when he's doing this so-called
research that always inevitably and
inexorably ends up just being a hatchet
job against the people that he considers
his political enemies 2020 veganism is
doomed